README.md, before:

#  MGageMorgan's monaco-port
The Monaco skin with Vector buttons and latest MediaWiki compatibility

## Community Widget Re-Implementation
I have implemented a ShoutWiki-style (close, but not exact) Community box. Install instructions are available when the skin is first added to MediaWiki. They will be in a sidebox widget with no title.

### Community Widget Screenshots
![alt-text](https://github.com/MGageMorgan/monaco-port/blob/master/Screenshot%20from%202016-07-08%2021-01-22.png?raw=true 2)
![alt-text](https://github.com/MGageMorgan/monaco-port/blob/master/Screenshot%20from%202016-07-08%2021-03-05.png?raw=true 4)`

**Running in Chromium on Ubuntu 16.04 localhost

## Installation
This section details how to install depending on what/which version of MediaWiki you plan to install Monaco to.

### MediaWiki's wfLoadSkin (MediaWiki >= 1.25.0)
I've brought Monaco up-to-speed on the latest with the new installation method. The new way to install Monaco is:

```php
wfLoadSkin( 'monaco' );
```

### For Older MediaWiki Installations (MediaWiki <= 1.24.0)
If you are running Mediawiki >= 1.25.0, the above subsection applies to you. Everyone else (MediaWiki <= 1.24.0) can install the original way:

```php
require_once("$IP/skins/monaco/monaco.php");
```
## Screenshots
Zoomed-out images of the skin itself:
![alt-text](https://github.com/MGageMorgan/monaco-port/blob/master/shot1.png?raw=true 1)
![alt-text](https://github.com/MGageMorgan/monaco-port/blob/master/shot2.png?raw=true 3)

Commit message:

Operations. If you want AniMonaco or the right sidebar, feel free to grab the missing files from another repo if you want that functionality. Personal preference: I don't use it, so I don't need it.

README.md, after:

#  MGageMorgan's monaco-port
The Monaco skin modified to look like ShoutWiki literally using ShoutWiki's version as a reference implementation to base this one off of from scratch.

## Sidebar Improvements!!!
I've been nice and have gone from implementing my own version of SW's Community Widget to fixing the search bar to look like theirs as well as implementing code from their extension "NewsBox" right into the skin itself. Have a look!

![alt-text](https://github.com/MGageMorgan/monaco-port/blob/master/sidebar-new.png?raw=true 2)

## Community Widget Re-Implementation
I have implemented a ShoutWiki-style (close, but not exact) Community box. Install instructions are available when the skin is first added to MediaWiki. They will be in a sidebox widget with no title.

### Community Widget Screenshots
![alt-text](https://github.com/MGageMorgan/monaco-port/blob/master/Screenshot%20from%202016-07-08%2021-01-22.png?raw=true 2)
![alt-text](https://github.com/MGageMorgan/monaco-port/blob/master/Screenshot%20from%202016-07-08%2021-03-05.png?raw=true 4)`

**Running in Chromium on Ubuntu 16.04 localhost

## Installation
This section details how to install depending on what/which version of MediaWiki you plan to install Monaco to.

### MediaWiki's wfLoadSkin (MediaWiki >= 1.25.0)
I've brought Monaco up-to-speed on the latest with the new installation method. The new way to install Monaco is:

```php
wfLoadSkin( 'monaco' );
```

### For Older MediaWiki Installations (MediaWiki <= 1.24.0)
If you are running Mediawiki >= 1.25.0, the above subsection applies to you. Everyone else (MediaWiki <= 1.24.0) can install the original way:

```php
require_once("$IP/skins/monaco/monaco.php");
```
## Screenshots
Zoomed-out images of the skin itself:
![alt-text](https://github.com/MGageMorgan/monaco-port/blob/master/shot1.png?raw=true 1)
![alt-text](https://github.com/MGageMorgan/monaco-port/blob/master/shot2.png?raw=true 3)
